1. Interface AIM:
        Explaining the AIM
2. User Profile: 
        Taget audience and how the interface elements cater to the respective category
3. Interface Goals
        Shniderman's Criteria and how they are taken care in the interface. All individually explained 
4. Information about the rating system 
        Why 5 star rating was chosen 
        What different rating on the site mean. 
5. Interface Screen Design: 
        What are different screens and what is the aim of that screen 
        How are different elements supposed to work
6. Features:
    Once that were planned and implemented
    once that was planned and dropped 
    Once that were planned and was not implemented. 

Interface AIM:
-------------
The user interface is primirly designed keeping novice and intermediate users with some computer science background in mind.
The UI mainly uses users visual understandin/mapping of subject as primary mode to communicate most of the information. Which enables faster performance for the user 

User Profile:
------------

Targeted users?
    1. Novice User 
    2. Intermediate Users
    3. Advanced uses

        Should consider descriptions in terms of Syntatic, task semantic, Computer semantic 
        Work Ex, Computer Expereince

Interface Goals:
---------------

    Time to learn -2
    Speed of performance -1
    Rate of user errors -3
    Retention of skills -4
    Subjective satisfaction -5 

    Shniderman's Criteria
    1. Time to Learn: Interface minimizes time to learn by. 
        * The default browser behaviour is maintained, Like, on hover over clickable elements the pointer shape changes thus letting the user know that it is a clickable element. Hyper links turn blue, maintaining consistency with default behaviour.
        * Approximately 7+/- Elements, less no of things for a user to parser and understand
    2. Speed Of Performance: 
        Often Conflicts with time to learn, faster systems are harder to learn. 

    3. Rate of user Error:
        Consistency
        instructions
        Logical arrangements of the screen. 
        Importnace:

    4. Retention Of Skills:
        User Systax, Matching user understanding 
    5. Subjective Satisfication:
        individual taste 
        Matching backgroud 


    All features functionality 


Rating System:
Star rating system 
Rating System values and there meaning
Semantic:
What do various ratings mean 


Interface Screen Design:
-----------------------
    Interactions details of the screen design and how they operate. 


Features:
--------
    Thubnail Size 
    Comments Readibility and Details display 
    Navigation Bar under the top navigation
    Books Relevence matrix, Software platform compatiblity display 


syntactic semantic